# InspiniaAngular4

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.1.2.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
Before running the tests make sure you are serving the app via `ng serve`.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
SPA

This project is using Angular CLI.
 There's a webpack file in root folder (generated by CLI)

This project Structure
-app is this application root
--  +admin is lazy loaded module
-- auth is authentication module. it has guard service for verify userlogin before its get routed. this module is first layer before any modules
-- core is the core app module its have navbar, errorpages. this page has auth module dependecies, this is the second layer before any modules
-- product do contains every components that related about products. it has all two dependencies
-- user is not ready yet. but this module will be responsible for user details, user settings, etc...
-- reducers is app-state reducers. this is the root state that all other state from other module would extends
-- shared is shared for every modules
-css for 3rd-party css
-img for some logos
-js for 3rd-party js

most module would have this kinds of structures
- actions : this folder will retains the strong types actions , has actioncreators, actions types for strong typing
- components : this folder should store dumb components(which is no API Calls, no ngrx (store) Dependencies. only interact with event emitters).
- containers : this folder only store smart components (calls API, able to dispatch actions,feed data to its child dumb components)
- consts : this folder contains some consts items. for strong typing sake
- effects : this folder contains ngrx/effects that once our action dispatch, this side effects would triggers(we can dispatch another actions,console log, rerouting,....).
- models : this project contains models that return from API calls
- viewmodels : this project contains models for ours view, model that we dispatch to API.
- reducers : this project contains reducers. in reducers i usually define its state model, InitialState, reducer itself,select its state. In root reducer folder there is the root reducer for that module that extends from other state.
- Routes : this project has routing module.
-services : this folder contains services that used for calling API,etc
- helpers : this folder contains helper class that we inject to class that need those functions.
- signalr : this folder contains signalr hub.

This project CODE for each niffty stuffs
